the Panasonic pink digital camera
reduced a 9999 with free SD card for the
largest selection and the lowest prices
run don't walk to J&R music and computer
world park closed lower Manhattan Nigel
Barker the female mind and the male mind
giving perspectives on the industry to
real people now when a top model
contestant faces the judging panel they
put themselves out there or some real
brutal honesty and some models have
really walked away in tears as we've
seen you know because it's really hard
to stand up there to be judged and my
next guests that are about to come out
here are bravely putting themselves
before our judges here today and myself
to see if they've got what it takes to
be on top of the fashion industry so
they're very brave because they're about
to be porous cobit so first let's see
Nicole come on out Nicole
so you want to be what in fashion I
wanna be your runway when we model the
aisle okay and what questions do you
have well I just want to know because I
would never really taught to walk or
pose I just started like two months ago
modeling and I've done seven shows and I
love it yeah what city do you live in
queen Queens okay so what do you think
about her her look Nigel she said she
wants to do high-fashion runway you know
I think your walk is actually pretty
good something one has any been trying
to walk for a couple of months that was
a confident walk your head I think needs
to come up your pants down and ducks
like that you know if you're a bit more
confidence got to believe in yourself
don't question is are especially on the
runway because you've got thousand
critics all watching you all at once and
you're selling the gown so keep your
head up confidence shoulders back a
little bit just go with the flow polina
how old are you 21 okay so you're almost
getting to be a little bit too old first
of all how are you buddy okay you're too
short yeah yes so I hate to tell you as
far as you know maybe like Macy's little
runway things maybe you could do things
like that but for the real fashion
business ain't gonna happen yeah and
also your face is very
interesting because she's almost like
too pretty and too cute for high fashion
like high fashion wants a little
weirdness remember with paulina was
talking about like the the dimensions of
the face of beauty well there's certain
dimensions for like sweet but if you get
too high fashion the dimensions actually
kind of off the eyes are too far apart
the chin is too small the jaws 2 square
and there's nothing about you that's
like ugly pretty you're just like pretty
pretty if that makes it you guys
understand what I'm saying yeah like
when you know a lot of times you're like
watching a model but then the picture
comes out really well and I've seen I've
seen models that were literally hideous
when you met them without makeup on and
people would you know that they couldn't
get picked up if they paid for it the
minute they were in front of a camera
and had makeup on you know it was magic
okay let's see some of your pictures
you've got pictures nothing here lots of
pictures it's actually really pretty and
your body looks really really good but
in its a high-fashion looking dress but
I still see a really sweet girl in a
high fashion dress yes it's one of those
things you have to take a gown like that
and to make it fashion as opposed to
make it red carpet and it's kind of like
how I am with the red carpets supposed
to like just lounging and collapse yeah
one of the best pieces of advice I can
give for girls that are trying to break
into modeling is look at your outfit and
go one hundred percent against it so if
you have like an evening gown that is so
glamorous like that model like you have
on a jeans and t-shirt so you just kind
of like go and it becomes high fashion
you have a jeans and t-shirt on model
like you have an evening gown on and
that makes it high-fashion